# Glass's Custom Fish Environment

Custom fish environment with a (kinda) pretty prompt, and some convenience aliases and functions.

## Contents

- [`setup.fish`](setup.fish): Initializes shell environment:

- Symlinks repo to `~/.config/fish`
- Checks for SSH key, creates if missing
- Sets Git user name and email (user input) if not already set

- [`config.fish`](config.fish): Main configuration file. Set some variables, configure paths, source scripts/custom functions/packages, etc.

- [`functions/`](functions): Contains all custom content, including:

  - [aliases](functions/custom_aliases.fish) - custom aliases
  - [functions](functions/custom_functions.fish) - custom functions
  - [fish prompt](functions/fish_prompt.fish) - custom, colorized, and informational prompt
  - and utility for other useful tools such as bass and nvm

- [`fish_variables`](fish_variables): Auto-generated by Fish. Not recommended to edit directly.

- [`fish-tips/`](fish-tips): Just some useful chunks of fish code

## Setup

1. Clone the repo  
   `><> git clone https://gitlab.com/glass-ships/glass-fish.git`

1. Initialize new environment:  
   `><> cd glass-fish ;; fish setup.fish`

1. (Optional) Store any secrets as environment variables. Create a file called `secrets.json` in the root of the repo.

   - This file is ignored by git, so your secrets are safe if you contribute to this repository.  
     The format should be:

   ```json
   {
      "SECRET_ONE": "SECRET_VALUE",
      "SECRET_TWO": "OTHER_SECRET_VALUE"
      ...
   }
   ```

1. (Optional) For plugin management, install [fisher](https://github.com/jorgebucaran/fisher) or [Oh My Fish](https://github.com/oh-my-fish/oh-my-fish)

1. (Optional) For BASH compatibility, add [EDC/Bass](https://github.com/edc/bass)

1. Enjoy!

## Contributing

This repo could probably use some regular TLC. If you're interested in helping out, just create an issue, or fork the repo and merge request back in!

~ Glass

